Add blog post for nx-neptune walkthrough (#349)
awslabs/nx-neptune: docs-site/src/content/docs/blog/graph-analytics-over-data-lakes.mdx

**Key benefits:**

- **Cost-effective storage** — data lives in S3 at pennies per GB per month.
- **On-demand compute** — provision a powerful Neptune Analytics instance only when you need it, and only over the data you need.
- **Open-source tooling** — `nx-neptune` provides an interface for managing graph sessions, running openCypher queries, and a [NetworkX-compatible](https://networkx.org/) interface for graph analysis.

## Walkthrough

The complete implementation ships as an executable notebook, deployed by a CloudFormation template. It contains the following sections, which this walkthrough follows:

- **Setup/Configuration**: Define the environment variables that point at your resources.
- **Data Setup**: Land your source data and prepare the data lake.
- **Create a New / Get Existing Neptune Analytics**: Start a session with Neptune.
- **Import Data from S3**: Move your table data into the graph.
- **Execute an Algorithm**: Analyze the graph — here, community detection.
- **Export back to S3 Tables**: Write the annotated results into a new Iceberg table.

### Prepare resources and role

To follow along, you need the following **AWS services**:

> - Amazon S3 (for data storage)

Reviewer: Intermediate staging-ish? I think that worth to be precise, or else reader would think this is permanent.

Author: Oh.  Sure.  Or split it into for "logging progress & storing intermediate state"

WITH (table_type = 'ICEBERG', is_external = false)
AS SELECT * FROM transactions;
```

### Define graph views with SQL

You use SQL to define a graph-structured view — nodes and edges — of your tabular data, written to a CSV file for Neptune import. Rather than hand-writing bespoke ETL jobs, you describe nodes and edges with standard Athena SQL queries, and the library runs the transform and load steps from those definitions.

#### Defining nodes

A Neptune Analytics node (or vertex) is an entity in the graph, identified by a unique `~id` (think primary key in SQL) and typed by `~label`. When you write the transform query, a unique `~id` and a `~label` are required; every other column becomes a property on the node.

Here we model each account as a node. Every transaction row links two accounts — a sender and a receiver — so this query unions both sides into a single set of distinct account nodes:

```sql
SELECT DISTINCT "~id", 'account' AS "~label"
FROM (
    SELECT "nameOrig" as "~id" FROM transactions_iceberg
    WHERE "nameOrig" IS NOT NULL
    UNION ALL
    SELECT "nameDest" as "~id" FROM transactions_iceberg
    WHERE "nameDest" IS NOT NULL
)
```

#### Defining edges

> A Neptune Analytics edge (or relationship) connects two nodes by their `~id` — the `~from` and `~to` columns — with a relationship type given by `~label`. When you write the transform query, the `~from`, `~to`, and `~label` columns are required; every other column becomes a property on the edge. Property headers use a `propertyname:type` syntax, for example `amount:Float`. See [Neptune bulk loader data formats](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/bulk-load-tutorial-format.html).

Reviewer 2: This links to Neptune Database docs. Since this blog is about Neptune Analytics, the link should point to the Analytics-specific format page.

```suggestion
A Neptune Analytics edge (or relationship) connects two nodes by their `~id` — the `~from` and `~to` columns — with a relationship type given by `~label`. When you write the transform query, the `~from`, `~to`, and `~label` columns are required; every other column becomes a property on the edge. Property headers use a `propertyname:type` syntax, for example `amount:Float`. See [Neptune Analytics data formats](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune-analytics/latest/userguide/loading-data-formats.html).
```
